you probably be surprised to find out that when I was in the navy in one
of his before that when I was in the marine corps a lot of young
people would come to me and say you know when I get other core we get
on the navy I'm never going to wear uniform again I'm never gonna
let anybody tell me what I have to do again and that was older than
most of them and I thought Boyer they ever wrong because to some degree
every large organization is to some degree they're the same in that
they do have rules that you have to follow they do have leadership
hierarchies we're going to be told what to do if you want to join
the revolution and the overthrow of the world what you gonna find is
yes the revolutionaries have a higher key to every revolutionary cell
has a leader people who report to him and people who hear reports
so you know they're all the same and they usually have the uniform
they not be exactly the same like the military but if I were to wear
three piece suit and short film local rap concert I wouldn't be in
uniform and people would ostracize me for the whale is stressed yeah
if I wore the kind of comes to mind where for break dancing on the
street and show up at a board meeting at IBM that I should have ostracize
me again you dress like the other people dress to make your group
coherent and that's what it's been all through history so I think
when you go from the military to college you gonna find a higher
key you're gonna find rules you know find appropriate ways to communicate
in dress and you're gonna find the process it you have to go through
if you're going to advance the biggest difference probably has
that reinforcement is much more rapidly in the military if you wear
the wrong uniform in the military you can be put in the brig for being
out of uniform so they let you know right away don't do that cries
in campus if if you don't behave the way you're supposed to behave
in campus they may tolerate you for a long time before you're expelled
from college so to some degree college life breeds a level of
responsibility over time it you don't get when you have so much scrutiny
and immediate reaction in the military